01 - A cloud deployment of two or more unique clouds is known as:
A. Infrastructures as a Service
B. A Private Cloud
C. A Community Cloud
D. A Hybrid Cloud
E. Jericho Cloud Cube Model

02 - ENISA: Which is not one of the five key legal issues common across all scenarios:
A. Data protection
B. Professional negligence
C. Globalization
D. Intellectual property
E. Outsourcing services and changes in control

03 - ENISA: An example high risk role for malicious insiders within a Cloud Provider includes
A. Sales
B. Marketing
C. Legal counsel
D. Auditors
E. Accounting

04 - What are the primary security responsibilities of the cloud provider in the management infrastructure?
A. Building and properly configuring a secure network infrastructure
B. Configuring second factor authentication across the network
C. Properly configuring the deployment of the virtual network, especially the firewalls
D. Properly configuring the deployment of the virtual network, except the firewalls
E. Providing as many API endpoints as possible for custom access and configurations

05 - If there are gaps in network logging data, what can you do?
A. Nothing. There are simply limitations around the data that can be logged in the cloud.
B. Ask the cloud provider to open more ports.
C. You can instrument the technology stack with your own logging.
D. Ask the cloud provider to close more ports.
E. Nothing. The cloud provider must make the information available.

06 - CCM: In the CCM tool, a _____________________ is a measure that modifies risk and includes any process, policy, device, practice or any other actions which modify risk.
A. Risk Impact
B. Domain
C. Control Specification

07 - Who is responsible for the security of the physical infrastructure and virtualization platform?
A. The cloud consumer
B. The majority is covered by the consumer
C. It depends on the agreement
D. The responsibility is split equally
E. The cloud provider

08 - What factors should you understand about the data specifically due to legal, regulatory, and jurisdictional factors?
A. The physical location of the data and how it is accessed
B. The fragmentation and encryption algorithms employed
C. The language of the data and how it affects the user
D. The implications of storing complex information on simple storage systems
E. The actual size of the data and the storage format

09 - Which cloud-based service model enables companies to provide client-based access for partners to databases or applications?
A. Platform-as-a-service (PaaS)
B. Desktop-as-a-service (DaaS)
C. Infrastructure-as-a-service (IaaS)
D. Identity-as-a-service (IDaaS)
E. Software-as-a-service (SaaS)

10 - what are the main considerations for key management

11 - six phases of data security lifecycle

12 - which of the following is among the vulnerabilities contributing to a high risk ranking of network management
A. system or os vulnerabilities
B. hypervisor vulnerabilities
C. aaa vulnerabilities
D. user provisioning vulnerabilities
E. inadequate physical security procedures

13 - computer virtualization abstracts the running of code, not including the operation system, from the underlying hardware
True
False

14 - CCSK: what is more secure and cost effective approach to data security and encryption
A. deny all and locking everythging down until requirements are meet
B. apply a data driven approach
C. apply a risk based approach
D. apply a blanket security policy to anything cloud
E. using the same policies applied to the traditional network

15 - what is the most important resason for know where the cloud service provider will host the data?
A. allow compliance with local law, regarding data privacy and regulations
B. implement required measures to ensure compliance with local laws an restrict cross boarder flow of data
C. enable data controler to register with local data protection officers
D. enable data locations transparency for the consumers
E. facilitate comprehensive disaster planing

16 - APIs and web services require extensive hardening and must assume attacks from authenticated and unauthenticated adversaries
True
False

17 - ccmd: which of the following statement about csa ccm and security guidance is false
A. csa security guidance tells you WHAT to do, the CCM tell you How to do it
B. CSA CCM provides a set of control objectives against which an organization should access cloud security
C. csa ccm tells you what to do, guidance tells you how to do it
D. csa security guidance provides a set of best practices and recommendations

18 - when deploying security as a service in a highly regulated industry or enviorenment, what should both parties agree on in advance and include in the sla?

19 - In volume storage, what methods is often used to support resilience and security?
A. DRM
B. Hypervisor agents
C. Proxy encryption
D. Random placement
E. data dispersion

20 - what is it called when a customer' information and/or processes are compromissed by the action of another customer in a mmulti tenacy enviorenment?
A. data loss
B. failure to thrive
C. relationship failure
D. isolation failure
E. information leakage

21 - for cloud consumers to be able to properly configure and manage their network security, what must cloud providers do?
A. Provide security templates
B. configure a default deny and enable controls as requested
C. provide administrator access to the tenant
D. provide api access
E. explose securiyt controls

22 - what is resource pooling?

23 - in general, the majority of laws and regulations regarding data in network or cloud enviorenment are designed to be what?

24 - your sla with your cloud provider wnsures continuity for all services
True
False

25 - which governance domain focuses on proper and adequate incident detection, response, notification and remediation?
A. infraestructure security
B. compliance and audit management
C. incident response, notification and remediation
D. Data security and encription
E. Information governance

26 - cloud applications can use virtual networks and other structures for hyper-segregated eviorenments
True
False

27 - What type of information is contained in the Cloud Security Alliances Cloud Control Matrix?
A. Command and control management hyerarchy of a typical cloud company
B. list of cloud configurations including traffic logic and effecient routes
C. Federal legal business requirements for all cloud operators
D. Network traffic rules for cloud enviorenments
E. a number of requirements to be implemented based upon numerous standards and regulatory requirements

28 - which SDP component terminates network traffic and enforces communication policies?
A. Access manager
B. Gateway
C. controller
D. Client
E. Firewall

29 - when you considereing business continuity and disaster recovery with a cloud provider, which layer of the logical stack includes code and message queues?
A. Datastructure
B. Infostructure
C. Infrastructure
D. Metastructure
E. Applistructure

30 - which type of application security testing tests running applications and includes tests such as web vulnerability testing and fuzzing?

31 - Cloud Control Matrix (CCM) is a completely independent cloud assessment toolkit that does not map any existing standartds
True
False

32 - which proeminent recommended standard to enable federation of identity in cloud enviorenment include:
A. SSO
B. SAML
C. KerberoS
D. FIDO
E. x.509

33 - how should sdlc be modified to address application security in a cloud computer enviorenment?
A. integrate development enviorenments
B. Updated threat and trust models
C. no modification is needed
D. just in time compilers

34 - What is a potential concern of using security-as-a-service(Secaas)?
A. Insulation of clients
B. Intelligence sharing
C. Scaling and costs
D. Lack of visibility
E. Deployment flexibility

35 - which security advantage considers that anything that goes into production is created by the ci/cd pipeline on approved code and configuration templates?
A. Secdevops/devsecops and rugged devops
B. immutable
C. Automated testing
D. Standarization
E. Improvement auditing and change management

36 - Isolation failure refers to:
A. Failure of mechanisms separating storage, memory, routing between diferent tennats
B. failure to employ appropriate encrypytion standards to VM
C. inadequate resourse provisioning and investments in infrastructure
D. Possibility that cloud based assets will be scanned by external hackers
E. Application vulnerabilities or poor patch management

37 - What are the audit related implication of the outsourced cloud services?

38 - What is a challenge of application security in a cloud enviorenment?
A. Responsiveness
B. Non-unified interface
C. Limited detailed visibility
D. Decrease application scope
E. Isolation enviorenments

39 - When attempting to contain, erradicate, and recover from a cloud based incident, what is the first step you should do?
A. Put the devicde in stand by mode
B. Terminate all super user/administrative access
C. Make sure the cloud management plane is free of an attack
D. Kill all network access
E. Isolate the infected devices

40 - the software defined perimeter (SDP) include wich components?

41 - in a cloud envioprenment, how can you best determine data/information security risks and potential controls?
A. Run a search on user data files
B. encrypt everything
C. identify the major operatin system
D. Understand the related regulatory requirements
E. understand the cloud storage architecture in use

42 - Sending data to a providers storage over an API is likely as much more reliable and secure than setting up your own SFTP server on a VM in the same provider
True
False

43 - which component is a key part of software container systems?
A. Workloads tools
B. An automate controller
C. the execution enviorenment
D. a client
E. Operation System

44 - an underlying vulnerability related to Loss of Governance is:
A. Inadequate capacity planning
B. Hypervisor vulnerabilities
C. Unclear asset owership
D. Lack of supplier redundancy
E. Lack of reputational isolation

45 - without virtualization, there's no cloud
True
False

46 - what makes the metastructure layer of cloud computing so different from traditional computing?
A. It includes the data and information components
B. It includes the underlying applications services
C. It is automatically patch and scalable
D. It includes the management plane components which are network enabled and remotly accessible
E. It eliminates the need for the inforstructure layer

47 - the scope applicability column in the CCM indicates the applicability of the cloud security control to wich of the following elements?
A. Physical, networks, computer, storage, application or data
B. mappings to well know standards and frameworkss
C. SaaS, PaaS, or IaaS
D. Service Provider or tenat/consumer

48 - which computing model contains the protocols and mechanisms providing the interface between the infrastructure and other layers?
A. Overstructure layer
B. inforstructure layer
C. metastructure  layer
D. Infrastructure  layer
E. Applistructure  layer

49 - a defining set of rules composed of claims and attributes os the entities in a transaction, which is used to determine their level of access to cloud based resource is called what?
A. Support table
B. Entry log
C. Entilement Matrix
D. Access Log
E. Validation process

50 - what is true about Software defined network firewalls?
A. Require the use of static ip address
B. More difficult to manage
C. Limited obased on physical topology
D. not limited based on physical topology
E. they are policy sets that can only be applied to similar grouped assets

51 - which cloud storage technology would include a content delivery network (cdn), file stored in saas, and caching?
A. Service
B. Database
C. Volume storage
D. Object storage
E. Application

52 - Virtual appliances can become bottlenecjs because they cannot fail open and must intercept all traffic.
True
False

53 - to increase network isolation, you should use sdn capabilities for multiple networks and cloud accounts or segments
True
False

54 - which concept provides the abstraction needed for resource pools?
A. Applistructure
B. Hypervisor
C. Virtualization
D. Orchestration
E. Metastructure

55 - which common component of big data is focused on the mechanism used to ingest large volumes of data, oftem of a streaming nature
A. Distributed information
B. Distributed processing
C. Distributed storage
D. Distributed data collection
E. Distributed attriction

56 - Recommendation: Use elastic servers when possible and move workloads to new instances
True
False